# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

In the console.rb file like line 20

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

In property.rb file, the def save section

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

lines 55-109


Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

Because if id does not, database will create the id itself.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

Line 9 in property.rb

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

To make sure that the id will appear in both sql and ruby file when a change executed

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

Because a class method provides functionality to a class itself, while an instance method provides functionality to one instance of a class.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

It returns an array with hashes.

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

To increase the level of safety and to prevent
injection attacks

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

Q11. What are their return values?
